## LToolsFullResult

`LToolsFullResult` is an option for `LToolsEvaluate`. When set to `True` (default),  `LToolsEvaluate` will return the full result including singularities and accompanying terms. Otherwise, only the finite part (standard output of LoopTools) will be provided.

The full result is assembled from pieces returned by LoopTools for the $\lambda^2$-parameter set to $-2$, $-1$ and $0$ respectively. The correct prefactor that accounts for the normalization differences between Passarino-Veltman function in FeynCalc and LoopTools is added as well.

As long as `LToolsFullResult` is set to `True`, the value of the `LToolsSetLambda` option is ignored.

Disabling `LToolsFullResult` will most likely lead to incorrect normalization of the results (especially if you are only interested in the finite part). The reason for this are missing contributions to the finite part generated from poles being multiplied by terms proportional to $\varepsilon$ or $\varepsilon^2$.

### See also

[Overview](Extra/FeynHelpers.md), [LToolsEvaluate](LToolsEvaluate.md).

### Examples

```mathematica
LToolsLoadLibrary[];
```

$$\text{LoopTools library loaded.}$$

```
(* ====================================================
   FF 2.0, a package to evaluate one-loop integrals
 written by G. J. van Oldenborgh, NIKHEF-H, Amsterdam
 ====================================================
 for the algorithms used see preprint NIKHEF-H 89/17,
 'New Algorithms for One-loop Integrals', by G.J. van
 Oldenborgh and J.A.M. Vermaseren, published in 
 Zeitschrift fuer Physik C46(1990)425.
 ====================================================*)
```

```mathematica
LToolsEvaluate[A0[m^2], InitialSubstitutions -> {m^2 -> 1}]
```

$$\frac{1.}{\varepsilon }-0.721946$$

Setting `LToolsFullResult` to `False` will make `LToolsEvaluate` return only the  finite part since the default value for
`LToolsSetLambda` is `0`. However, the normalization does not agree with the FeynCalc convention

```mathematica
LToolsEvaluate[A0[m^2], InitialSubstitutions -> {m^2 -> 1}, LToolsFullResult -> False]
```

$$1.$$

Even though `LToolsEvaluate` includes the correct prefactor to convert to the FeynCalc normalization, the finite contribution
generated by the $1/\varepsilon$-pole is missing here.

```mathematica
finRes = LToolsEvaluate[A0[m^2], InitialSubstitutions -> {m^2 -> 1}, LToolsFullResult -> False, LToolsExpandInEpsilon -> False]
```

$$\frac{1. \pi ^{-\varepsilon } \Gamma (1-\varepsilon )^2 \Gamma (\varepsilon +1)}{\Gamma (1-2 \varepsilon )}$$

By setting `LToolsSetLambda->-1` we can get the coefficient of the pole. Here it is obvious that the function is IR-finite so that
we do not need to check for the $1/\varepsilon^2$-pole

```mathematica
poleRes = LToolsEvaluate[A0[m^2], InitialSubstitutions -> {m^2 -> 1}, LToolsFullResult -> False, LToolsExpandInEpsilon -> False, LToolsSetLambda -> -1]
```

$$\frac{1. \pi ^{-\varepsilon } \Gamma (1-\varepsilon )^2 \Gamma (\varepsilon +1)}{\Gamma (1-2 \varepsilon )}$$

Combining both pieces and expanding in $\varepsilon$ up to zeroth order we recover the same result as when using the option
`LToolsFullResult`

```mathematica
Series[1/Epsilon poleRes + finRes, {Epsilon, 0, 0}] // Normal
```

$$\frac{1.}{\varepsilon }-0.721946$$